typo? “a substitution semantics” (#2580)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/basic-concepts.adoc

=== Declarations and variable substitution

> Declarations can be mutually recursive, but in cases where they are not, they permit a substitution of semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Declarations can be mutually recursive, but in cases where they are not, they permit a substitution semantics  
(that is, replacing equals for equals, as familiar from high-school algebraic simplification).
```

Reviewer: @cPayIt, I've made the correction as a suggestion above. You can now commit the suggestion and ask us to review it again.
